Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, good morning.
Trisha G: Patricia. How are you okay, are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good. Did everything work out for you yesterday.
Trisha G: Yeah, I got that taken care of.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good, good, good. So you feel a little bit of relief.
Yeah.
Trisha G: Just having my my guests feel. I had to pay just getting that paid
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I thought that they were
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Isn't there something in place to suspend
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any kind of disconnect. Notice through this whole thing.
Trisha G: I'm not sure. I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't. Yeah, I think that there is actually
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. So if you come across it again maybe explore it you know through this process while you're
Trisha G: There. Well, it's a call to
Trisha G: to suspend it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, to suspend any kind of shut off while
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Quarantine or the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mandated homestay is going
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For the utility companies. And I think also for the landlords. If you can't
Trisha G: Read it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I can also read look into it a little bit further, but I'm leaving so that it came straight from
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, the top to make that happen.
Trisha G: Yeah.
Trisha G: Okay, okay. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So to know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's everything going with you. I feel like I haven't seen you in a long time.
Trisha G: Well, everything's been better with my sentence. It's been a little better.
Trisha G: I took him back to his doctor and they have him on the shot like once a month that he takes it plus medications. The shot is that hello pure doll or something like that. But I have to give him that shot once a month. Well, now they increased it to twice a month. So that's helping
Trisha G: Because it keeps some more calmer.
Trisha G: You. So that's helped me some and then I've been checking into trying to get some Penner caregiving help that so far. I wouldn't have luck on that yet. I mean qualifies, but
Trisha G: See, I'm also on disability.
Trisha G: So kind of like makes it hard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Trisha G: For me to be able to get that type of help for him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you have that type of help for you for yourself.
Trisha G: No, my disability, all I am on therefore is for depression or severe depression.
Trisha G: So they don't i don't qualify for none of that that
Trisha G: He does, he qualifies for all of it because he's a kid. So frantic and he's got a brain injury and stuff from a car accident. He was in
Trisha G: See me I can advise for a lot more. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, you definitely look a lot better from the last time that I saw you not yesterday, but the last time.
Trisha G: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Trisha G: I haven't been no makeup or nothing on but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You definitely alive a calmer, you know,
Trisha G: Yeah, I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good everything's going along well with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your son now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's getting better.
Trisha G: Is so far I haven't had no more that episode. Since I talked to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what about your mom.
Trisha G: She's so she's doing okay. I mean, she's sick and stuff. She's, she's 90 years she's gonna be 90 years old in June. So just getting that age she gets
Trisha G: Like pneumonia. A lot
Trisha G: Because her lungs are really
Trisha G: That she's doing okay she's still working full time.
That's amazing.
Trisha G: Like
Trisha G: She helps me in my my son's she helps us a lot like with our money and different things because she knows that we're on a fixed income that yeah
Trisha G: Yeah.
Trisha G: That's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: GOOD ABOUT WHAT IS SHE
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where does she work. What does she do
Trisha G: Okay, she's a home health aide she takes care of a man that is he's 96
Trisha G: The previous does everything herself, but she just like cooking meals and stranger's house up if he has any other points to take them to those other than that. You don't have to really do much with him. He's pretty self sufficient. And he's 96 I think he's in better health and her actually
Trisha G: Funny.
Trisha G: I got everything happens to him. I don't know what I'll do, how will I get another job. I'm like, we don't need to get another
Job.
Trisha G: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Give it a break.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, that's so funny. She's funny.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it rocks. I think it's great you know definitely
Trisha G: Funky your mom's on funding that's what keeps her going is all that work she's
Trisha G: Staying busy there.
Trisha G: After my dad passed away. She, she was like real down depressed a lot and she got that job, and she's been working ever since. And she's that's what's helped her keep her going and stuff. I think
Trisha G: They were married for like 66 years and
Trisha G: They were all in the steel and everything.
Trisha G: It's unusual to see that. So yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really good.
Trisha G: There was hard for her. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really good. So how has everything been going for you as far as your depression and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm with you in general. How have things been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: progressing along the last couple
Trisha G: I my depression hasn't been that bad.
Trisha G: It's been doing okay.
Trisha G: I don't know, I just been like I've made myself.
Trisha G: You know they'd like they told me you can just get into it. You have to force yourself to keep doing what you got to do.
Trisha G: Real stiff, like it or otherwise, I can lay down and knock it out of my bed for a long time. If I just gave into I did that before and that wasn't good. I was like, one time I was in bed for two weeks. I wouldn't get up that
Trisha G: I won't do that. No more. I don't let myself.
Trisha G: So I just find it, you know. Yeah, it's I'm doing a lot better now than I have in for a while and I still get the thing of funny about increasing my marriage is because I still get the cravings for bed at night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like, by the time
Trisha G: It's like seven or eight at night, I start wanting to get get something. And that's not good because I'm by myself. Usually, and my son by the animals just at the end of the day. No, no, it's just
Trisha G: I don't know.
Trisha G: It's wearing off so
Trisha G: I don't know what to do. I just like I fight that too because I won't give in to that anymore.
Trisha G: It's just like I'm determined not to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: let that happen again. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so she kept your dose of medication dose and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Trisha G: Are you taking it to the evening, a little more of a lot a lot like
Trisha G: Yeah, like
Trisha G: I get one and a half strips a day.
Trisha G: I think if I had to a day I would be good because then I take the other half, like in the evening, and I'd be all right then till morning. No. Yeah.
Trisha G: I don't know. I don't like to ask her, because we're in group and I don't like to talk in front of a bunch of people. I'm just, I get a barista and shy.
Trisha G: I've always been that way. I can't talk to variable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why, Dr. D.
Trisha G: Talk to you is because it's you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't get a Kindle Kindle. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can put it out there for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah, I forgot. Yeah, she was going to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get your medication refilled because I sent her a message yesterday, stating that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We met and that we were going to meet again today because of you're in a public place and we couldn't talk so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'll definitely you might need a med med check follow up with her first
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll find out. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, but we'll get that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Will get that handled definitely you know so that you can not have to worry and struggle, you know,
Trisha G: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely and things have been going
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Going well for you as far as any you. How have you been able to deal with your triggers and your cravings, up until this point.
Trisha G: Um, well, when that starts happening. I just started to find something like around my house here and keep me busy. I like crazy. I'll just cleaning or doing something just to take my mind off of thinking about it.
Trisha G: And or I'll take my son, and we'll go you know get something to drink or something, you know. Let's honor that is this, I don't know, I just anything I can take my mind off of it.
Trisha G: You know, I can like get tired enough to go to sleep. Usually I just work around here doing stuff. So I get real tired and then I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Fall asleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I've always had
Trisha G: trouble sleeping too and
Trisha G: Even when I wasn't doing nothing. When I was in prison and I wasn't doing any drugs at all. I still I'd be awake all night long.
Trisha G: New john crazy
Trisha G: I just lay there. Why do we
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even struggling a long time with you know
Trisha G: Insomnia. That's
Trisha G: Yeah.
Trisha G: That's just, I think, from all those of when I was messing up I got in that routine.
Trisha G: Yeah, so it's hard to get my my body says do otherwise.
That I'm working on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Trying to find her email.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Her name her first name is Joanna.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, there she is. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, it's candle. It's not Kindle. I was trying to put in Kindle tea.
Trisha G: Houses spelled
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: K A and D. Oh.
Trisha G: Oh ok i thought was ke
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you on the strips.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Strips.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or the pills.
Trisha G: Oh, on the strips. Yeah.
Trisha G: Okay, yeah. The pills. I can feel I tried those before and you
Trisha G: Know they made me sick with some of them. I can't take pills. Anyway, I'm bad about pills. Now, since I quit. During the Percocet.
Trisha G: Yeah, there's like makes me think of that more. And so I I stay away from pills. If I can do that. I don't take any pills.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I've got, oh wait, I gotta. So I've got a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Email to her now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gosh, I can't even spell today.
Trisha G: I'm having
Trisha G: Seems like everything I tried typing over my computer or anything is like, Wait a minute, how was that
Trisha G: I never had problem spelling before
Trisha G: That all sudden, now I can feel
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can spell right i mean either. And now you know the last couple years I seem to train switch the wording around on things. It's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's definitely crazy, you know, certain words. I can't help it is like repetitive. I gotta change it but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What are you doing are you engaging in any support system any support groups.
Trisha G: I go to meetings, a couple of times a week. I go to in a anonymous
Trisha G: Just, you know, I'll go sit in the meeting every now and then.
Trisha G: I usually do a couple of times a week, just for that type of support.
Trisha G: Yeah, man.
Trisha G: My family's good support system, mom. My mom and my brothers and sisters that none of them have ever even done drugs or anything so or been in trouble like me. So it's like they they are real supportive trying to help me to make sure I stay good. They don't want me to mess up, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Trisha G: You know I gotta take care of my son and
Trisha G: My mom especially she don't want me to mess up because then it falls back on her and she has enough already.
Trisha G: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about um
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so are there no meetings in your area that you go to a closing or not getting together. You've been okay with that.
Trisha G: Yeah.
Trisha G: Yeah okay I'm all right. With that, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you know that if they do you have the opportunity also to go to meetings online.
Trisha G: Oh yeah, I was checking that out the other day.
Trisha G: You just found that out. I didn't know that.
Trisha G: That's pretty good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's any there's women for sobriety. I think it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is another forum and a lot of women.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That I've been working with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are engaging in that format because it is for women, you know, so that's something else to check out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you get to a point where you can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, go to your meetings, you still have that option to okay yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I put an email out to Dr. Kendall about to your medication asking, you know, telling her you're requesting for her to upper dose or have a med about with her men evaluation meeting with her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To see, you know, to talk about it.
Trisha G: That would be good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so that way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We can get that piece handled, but I want to just point out to you that you're really doing a good job as far as self.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Being able to pull yourself out of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those cravings, you know, distraction is is one of the biggest things to get us out of our head. No, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No matter what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Trisha G: Seems like it's the only thing that really works with me. So if I just
Trisha G: Find something that I know has to be done. I've been putting off. And I'll just start working on it that way before. I know I'm doing
Trisha G: I'm not even thinking about what I was thinking about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, yeah. Good. I'm glad that's important. Yeah. And you having a sober support system just for you, you know, is important to you know what I mean.
Trisha G: Yeah, I have one friend that I talked to a lot to she's my age, but she has been through it, too. And she's glance over now. And she's she helps me a lot. She's like, anytime I get like real bad on this color and show you there come over, or we'll just talk, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, good.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good, good, good, good. And what other healthy things are you doing for yourself.
Trisha G: Um, mostly that because I've been trying to like a better like they say if you are on a better diet that helps you to. So I've been eating a lot better and healthier things like fruit salads and stuff that I didn't eat before usually just eat a bunch of fried food.
Trisha G: I started changing my diet up like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Trisha G: It does a difference. I have more energy. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so in eating that breakfast in the morning, you know, definitely is a big piece. A lot of times people miss the don't eat breakfast. You know, they don't get hungry till later but breakfast is is definitely an energy booster for your day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're working on managing your sleep, which is good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I can't. But your volume kind of went down. Okay.
Trisha G: I keep I turned it off on the settings that is still keeps going off. Is that what it is is
Trisha G: Auto codes for my car for insurance. I had already gotten I have insurance, but
Trisha G: This message came up that because I haven't had no tickets and all this in three years or anything that I could get it lower price. So I put in my information I'm gotten. I don't know how many calls, one after another. I don't know. It's like I shouldn't ever done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you get blown up I'll sudden every company wants a hold of you. Right.
Trisha G: Those know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They're crazy and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What are some of the things that you want to work on with me.
Trisha G: That you and I can work with you, um,
Trisha G: Well, just talking to you, like I am, I don't know, just after I talked to you, I feel a lot better, because I feel like I'm doing the right things.
Trisha G: Yeah, you know, like you advise me and stuff like tell me about the women's group and everything. I didn't know about that just stuff like that. I think you've made a lot and we might be pressured into so
Trisha G: Just
Trisha G: That's mostly, I don't really have much else going on in my life.
Trisha G: I don't have a boyfriend or anything like that. So I just, it's just me and my son.
Trisha G: I don't know. He helped me a lot just talking to you about him and about my personal stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, if you think of anything specific that you want to start working on that. Maybe I can bring you know different you know tools to the table, then let me know, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we will definitely implement that in and it's important you know, Tricia, that you have support.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, your friend, I think is awesome to be able to have that person to come to you and be able to
Trisha G: Their own
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have that outside entity, because if you don't take care of yourself. You can't take care of your son.
Trisha G: Right, right.
Yeah.
Trisha G: Yeah, like I thought I could do what I was doing and take care of him know that don't work doesn't work at all. And when he knows that I'm doing something I shouldn't be doing. He gets even worse. He gets more upset more of a control over so I can do that around him ever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And there's that piece, but also, you know, keep in mind that, you know, taking care of you does take care of him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so I'm glad that you are, you know, trying to eat healthier implementing, you know, veggies and fruit and stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In your diet that's important and watching your water intake. How much water you're drinking
Trisha G: There.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, be mindful about you know about that piece is huge because we're made of water right
Trisha G: When I don't drink any water so
Trisha G: Like yesterday, went to plus it took me an hour and a half. And I was like, wow, this takes a long time. And that guy said, Well, it's because you're, you don't have enough water, you're not enough water, that's what's taking so long and I didn't know that made a difference.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, oh yeah for your plasma.
Trisha G: Does
Trisha G: start drinking more water.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, like said, and this is just a few suggestions to help you with that because I struggle with drinking water too. But I will get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know, maybe a half a half a jug a pitcher really is what I do have water and I put it in the place that I'm at the most.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which would be at my desk, of course.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you know, I put it there and it keeps it in my mind that I need to be drinking that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it just keeps it in the forefront and I just start drinking sipping on it all day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's a good idea. Yeah, so that way I know and I'm being mindful that I have to get that in my body.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, throughout the day. Right. And it does help with blood draw, it helps with mood, it helps with the way that our body processes things fights off things
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it helps in so many different ways. Yeah and there's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Other ways that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Enjoy all that. Yeah, definitely like
Trisha G: Whenever you're
Trisha G: My I've been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've been what
Trisha G: Oh, I've been a
Trisha G: Pretty like I put lines. Squeeze lines in it or lemon has the flavors at some and I like lemon and lime. So that's helped me a lot. And I don't think that hurts. It does it
Trisha G: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's actually good for you to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can put strawberries in it. You can put blueberries in it, you know, you can put
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: cucumber slices of cucumber in there. You can put you know what I mean anything to give you the flavor that you're looking for, for, for that day.
Trisha G: So don't taste like water.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's more attractive.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they're actually selling bottles of water with strips of cucumbers and I'm nowadays.
Trisha G: Which I thought was pro. Well, I haven't seen have
Trisha G: To check that out. I've gotten some of those flavored waters that I need to see because I would like that. I love cucumbers.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely you can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: actually buy a cucumber cut it up and put it in a bottle of water. You know what I mean, it's like if you pre plan to do these things, you know, for yourself, then you're more prone to be aware that you need to be drinking it. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And it's like, no more money. It's not going to do spending more money.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's probably actually cheaper to buy a cucumber than what it is to buy a bottle of cucumber water.
Trisha G: Yeah yeah and I get a BT so I can get that with those, you know,
Trisha G: Yeah, that's a good idea. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's something that you should definitely work on. So you're upping your water intake and, you know, checking out making sure that you're consistent with going to your support.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Groups and you're reaching out to your support person. You know what I mean, all of those things because, again, if you're miserable or you're not doing well, emotionally, mentally, or even physically then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know everything suffers everyone around you. So we've got to make sure that Trisha is in tip top shape.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Trisha G: That's true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And definitely working on taking care of herself, you know,
Trisha G: Right. I've been trying so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Obviously you have you're implementing good food in your in your diet. You know what I mean, you're still going to your meetings. All of those things are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are positive reinforcements, you know,
Yeah.
Trisha G: Good doing all that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. Anything else that you can think of that would help you
Trisha G: Know I pretty much checked everything out that I thought I would need that I want to check out that women's group online now.
Trisha G: So since you told me about it because that sounds good. That
Trisha G: Yeah.
Trisha G: I can't think of anything right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Especially if
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, right now, if they start closing groups and stuff and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think they meetings and stuff that I keep hearing that they're going to too. And so there has to be some kind of alternative
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For that can every like
Trisha G: All of our stores now even Walmart and Walgreens or closed at nine o'clock at night and they used to be open all night. But now under the you know the close them early and so I'm sure the meetings are going to stop to
Trisha G: Enter in the evening.
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's her backup plan.
Trisha G: Yeah, that is a good plan. Sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anything else that you that you want to bring to the table today.
Trisha G: Know that that's about it. And that's the only thing I really had any concerns about
Trisha G: Everything else is going pretty good. So, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I haven't gotten anything back from her yet so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She might be in a group or no line or whatever. But definitely, I'm hoping that I'll get a response. And then I can email you and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let you know what the plan is, whether it be a 15 minute med follow up, you know, for you, or whether she's just going to do it a lot of providers will just do it but
Trisha G: You know, again, some I think when I got it increased I
Trisha G: She had a meeting with me.
Trisha G: And they increased it
Trisha G: Okay, yeah, that's fine. To the way I could explain to her more.
Trisha G: Yeah, I just don't like to do in front of everybody in the group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah and there's nothing wrong with that. Definitely. You know, so we'll do it this way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay. And in the meantime, just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doing just keep doing what you're doing, Tricia, as far as being able to manage and getting out of your head a little bit. The more you practice that the more the better you get at it. Right. And so you want to keep trying to do that until we can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you always want to keep on it. You know, you always want to do it and have those those tools and skills, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's see what the doctor can and is willing to do. Okay.
Trisha G: Okay.
All right, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm gonna let you go and you have an awesome weekend.
Trisha G: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we're set up.
Trisha G: To stay safe and don't get to complete in the house that I'm not even around
Trisha G: Sick people, which is I never go anywhere. Just to my meetings. This is
Trisha G: So good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, right. It's the same thing with me. I don't either. Okay, let me check is I think I have you
Trisha G: On don't I have you
Trisha G: Know, really bad now so I can barely hear you. Good. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Can you hear me now.
Trisha G: Okay. Now, can you say that again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I said I wanted to double check and see what day we're set up to, we're on a repeat a repetitive meeting schedule. Correct.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where you meet me every week.
Trisha G: Oh, do you know what keep our meetings like a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Three will be on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wednesdays at 430 yeah
Trisha G: 430 your time 330 my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Time Wednesday. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wednesday.
Trisha G: 330
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll write that down then okay and and thank you very much for emails, by the way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Letting me know what's happening.
Trisha G: You know when you're unable to make it can make it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, you're the best you can do. And that's all we can ask for, you know,
Trisha G: That make sense. Okay. All right.
Trisha G: Okay, thank you.
Trisha G: Appreciate it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anytime, and I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Will see you Wednesday. Okay.
Trisha G: See you Wednesday. Okay, bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye bye.